docs(npmrc): dlx-cache-max-age (#534)
pnpm/pnpm.io: docs/npmrc.md

pnpm keeps a cache of packages in the modules directory. This boosts installation speed when
switching branches or downgrading dependencies.

### dlx-cache-max-age

* Default: **1440** (1 day in minutes)
* Type: **number**

> The time in minutes after which dlx cache is expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time in minutes after which dlx cache expires.
```

> pnpm keeps a cache for each dlx command after executing which would omit the installation step
> for subsequent calls to the same dlx command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After executing a dlx command, pnpm keeps a cache that omits the installation step for subsequent calls to the same dlx command.
```

* Default: **false**
* Type: **Boolean**

> When set to `true`, the generated lockfile name after installation will be named

Author: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, the generated lockfile name after installation will be named 
```

based on the current branch name to completely avoid merge conflicts. For example,
if the current branch name is `feature-foo`, the corresponding lockfile name will

> be `pnpm-lock.feature-foo.yaml` instead of `pnpm-lock.yaml`. It is typically used

Author: ```suggestion
be `pnpm-lock.feature-foo.yaml` instead of `pnpm-lock.yaml`. It is typically used 
```

* Default: **null**
* Type: **Array or null**

> This configuration matches the current branch name to determine whether to merge
> all git branch lockfile files. By default, you need to manually pass the
> `--merge-git-branch-lockfiles` command line parameter. This configuration allows

Author: ```suggestion
This configuration matches the current branch name to determine whether to merge 
all git branch lockfile files. By default, you need to manually pass the 
`--merge-git-branch-lockfiles` command line parameter. This configuration allows 
```

Or you may just use an environment variable directly, without changing `.npmrc` at all:

```

> npm_config_//registry.npmjs.org/:_authToken=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx

Author: ```suggestion
npm_config_//registry.npmjs.org/:_authToken=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx 
```
